README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://badge.buildkite.com/7d78219bdc587a47f48cc96314f36f0f25ed9d0145f56b12ab.svg)](https://buildkite.com/bazel/eclipse-plugin-postsubmit)

# Eclipse plugin for [Bazel](http://bazel.io) (**Highly experimental**)

__This project is unmaintained__

e4b is an Eclipse plugin for Bazel. It is really rudimentary.
It simply supports creating the classpath from a project and using
Bazel for incremental builds.

You can create a new Bazel project with New project > Import Bazel project
Then you can select the list of targets you want to build and the list
of directories you want to track.

It is highly experimental and support is minimal. However, we are happy
to accept contribution to make this support grows to a better shape.

## Installation

This plugin was tested with Eclipse Mars (4.5) but should also work with Eclipse Neon (4.6).

   * Start Eclipse
   * Select "Help" > "Install Software"
   * Add the update
site
[https://eclipse.bazel.build/updatesite](https://eclipse.bazel.build/updatesite).
   * Select "Uncategorized category" > "Eclipse 4 Bazel"

## Using the plugin

To import an existing Bazel project or start a new one, go to "New" > "Project..." > "Others".

## Contributing

See our [contributing
page](https://github.com/bazelbuild/eclipse/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for how
to contribute.

Commit message:

Add redirect link to https://github.com/salesforce/bazel-eclipse in the README (#67)
cc @plaird

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://badge.buildkite.com/7d78219bdc587a47f48cc96314f36f0f25ed9d0145f56b12ab.svg)](https://buildkite.com/bazel/eclipse-plugin-postsubmit)

# Eclipse plugin for [Bazel](http://bazel.io) (**Highly experimental**)

## Current status

__This project is unmaintained__. See https://github.com/salesforce/bazel-eclipse for the current Eclipse Feature for developing projects in Eclipse.

## Overview

e4b is an Eclipse plugin for Bazel. It is really rudimentary.
It simply supports creating the classpath from a project and using
Bazel for incremental builds.

You can create a new Bazel project with New project > Import Bazel project
Then you can select the list of targets you want to build and the list
of directories you want to track.

It is highly experimental and support is minimal. However, we are happy
to accept contribution to make this support grows to a better shape.

## Installation

This plugin was tested with Eclipse Mars (4.5) but should also work with Eclipse Neon (4.6).

   * Start Eclipse
   * Select "Help" > "Install Software"
   * Add the update
site
[https://eclipse.bazel.build/updatesite](https://eclipse.bazel.build/updatesite).
   * Select "Uncategorized category" > "Eclipse 4 Bazel"

## Using the plugin

To import an existing Bazel project or start a new one, go to "New" > "Project..." > "Others".

## Contributing

See our [contributing
page](https://github.com/bazelbuild/eclipse/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for how
to contribute.
